To Do - with PRL paper resubmission
-----------------------------------

Referee A:

1) At principal quantum number of about 120. I would like the authors to discuss 
 - the level spacing between neighboring Rydberg levels and 
 - given the Rabi frequency and duration of the control pulses what is the probability of exciting multiple Rydberg levels (generating Rydberg wavepackets)?
 - If this probability is not negligible, one needs to consider errors
due to such an effect.

 -> Discuss with Turker

2) It is worth quantifying the ionization rate with expected trapping
field intensity for Rydberg level of 120.

 -> Discuss with Turker

3) I believe error terms that involve averaging over
<1/\Delta> needs to be evaluated separately for the messenger atom
case, as the current averaging approach takes every two atoms in a 2D
or 3D configuration, whereas for messenger atom this averaging should
consider a fixed position for one of the atoms (the messenger atom).

 -> Calculate blockade error for single messanger atom.

4) In the supplementary material, section III C, in estimating
$\epsilon_5$, the authors include the collective enhancement factor of
$n$ in the spontaneous emission rate. Given that the collective
excitation in |e> is generated using pulses number II and III as
labeled in figure 2 (b), one might need to consider the phase matching
condition in collective enhancement of the photon emission rate for
|e> to |g> transition. The total wavevector for this process is
$\Delta K = K_{II} - K_{III} - K_{IV}$. For co-propagating fields it
is reasonable to assume this will have no impact on the collective
spontaneous emission. However, given that $K_{IV}$ is assumed to be
enhanced by a cavity, achieving $\Delta K = 0$ may not be trivial.
Therefore, a correction factor of order $Sinc^2(\Delta K \times n
^{1/D} \times \lambda_{magic})$ might be necessary, where $D = {2,3}$
for 2 or 3 dimensional ensembles.

 -> Make a drawing of the cavity + control fields
 -> Describe the orientations in caption

5) The previous point also raises the question that how the authors
imagine different control fields to be applied in their scheme. A
discussion on the details of different orientations of the applied
fields and their implications is useful.

 -> (same as above)

6) The authors present the stability gain by comparing their result to
the standard approach, where the stability is set by the total number
atoms and coherence time of the local oscillator. I would like the
authors to compare their results to the case using a spin-squeezed
ensemble in Ref. [10].

 -> Compare final results with numbers in reference [10] (Kasevich)

7) In section III E, the authors neglect fiber and coupling loss. This
needs to be justified, maybe with reference to experimental values or
a fair theoretical estimate. As the entanglement generation between
separate clocks relies on single photon transmission, the authors
should discuss the effect of inefficiency due to fiber or coupling
loss. If this can be circumvented via a heralding BSM, how does a
limited interference visibility affect the fidelity?

 -> Estimate fiber loss between labs 
 -> Estimate free-space loss between satellites
 -> Derive maximum distances, where the waiting time is not affecting fidelity (this comes from memory time of the s-state)

8) It will be informative, if the authors provide a timescale for a
successful generation of a global GHZ state in their scheme for the
total number or atoms/ensembles/clocks in the example discussed in the
paper.

 -> Estimate timescale for creating the global GHZ state (Assume 80% local operation fidelity)

9) In the calculation regarding precision or stability of the quantum
network of clocks, is there a hidden assumption on the local
oscillators at spatially separate clocks to be phase-locked?

 -> Explain that local oscialltors need to be synchronized in Supp.

 
Minor suggestions/corrections:

1) I suggest the authors to add M to the figure 1 to clarify number of
ensembles in each clock.

 OK Add 'M' to figure 1.

2) In the first paragraph in page 2, description of the 4th step is
not clear.

 OK Ammend description of step 4 on page 2, give more details.

3) In the description right after Eq. 1, it might be good to mention
that these are "collective" spin-wave states. In general, it could be
useful to have distinguishable symbols for single atom states and
collective states of atoms in an ensemble.

 OK Mention that the spin-waves are collective.
 OK Use a different symbol for single atom and collective states.

4) The discussion leading to Eq. 2 deserves to be slightly expanded to
include more details. One could show the results of one-time
application of the conditional photon emission as an intermediate
step.

 OK Expand discussion leading to Eq. 2.
 OK Show one-time application of conditional photon emission step.

5) A minor typo in the Page 3, right column, paragraph starting with
"In practice, ...". The sentence "In such a case, the messenger atom
can BE used" is missing "BE".

 OK Fix typo.

6) Page 4, below figure 5, the sentence starting with "Collective
enhancement and phase matching of the ..." needs a reference to the
supplementary material.

 OK Add reference to Supp.

7) In the supplementary material, section 1, before Eq. 2, [pi]_{f,r1}
--> [\pi]_{f,r1}

 OK Fix typo.

8) In the supplementary material, section III C, "the spontaneous
emission lifetime of the |e> --> |f> transition" should be "|e> -->
|g> transition"?

 OK Fix typo.

9) In Eq. 22 in the supplementary material, I suggest to use a
different symbol for the cavity finesse.

 OK Use different symbol for cavity finess.
 
 
 Referee B:
 ----------
 
 - I found the title not specific enough. Ref. 6 that introduces the
general concept was already entitled “A quantum network of clocks”. I
would suggest changing the title to explicitly stating that this paper
is providing a recipe to eventually implement this concept. It could
be something like “Quantum network of atom clocks: a possible
implementation with neutral atoms”…

 OK Change title to “Quantum network of atom clocks: a possible
implementation with neutral atoms”

 - The error per atom depends on the lattice geometry. This is
indicated in the caption of Table 1 where the reader is sent to the SI
for the 2D case. It would be useful to stress this point in the main
text by adding a short sentence about this dependency.

 OK Emphasize that error per atom depends on lattice gemoetry in the main text.

 - In the SI, errors are evaluated in the ideal case. As this paper can
be considered as a road map, it would be useful to state the current
state of the art for the different steps and to address the general
question: from an experimental point of view, how far we are from
realizing even a rudimentary version of this network where a boost of
the overall precision can be unambiguously demonstrated?

 -> Ask Jun for help.
 -> Add analysis of, how far are the current experimental technologies from creating a prototype of this network?
